write ngx-toastr study (#4)
jackbsteinberg/std-toast: study-group/Toast-Implementation-Studies.md

  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    BrowserAnimationsModule, // required animations module
    ToastrModule.forRoot() // ToastrModule added
  ],
  ...
})
...
```

Once the modules are set up, this code will display a toast:

```js
import { ToastrService } from 'ngx-toastr';

@Component({...})
export class SomeComponent {
  constructor(private toastr: ToastrService) {}

  showSuccess() {
    this.toastr.success('Hello title!', 'Hello message!', { timeOut: 3000 });
  }
}
```

To show the toast with an instance of ToastrService, use `toastr.success/error/warning/info/show()`, depending on the context and intent.
The third parameter configures the toast with a variety of specialized options, for example:

```js
this.toastrService.error('Uh Oh...', '<b>Something is Wrong<b>', {
  timeOut: 20000,
  tapToDismiss: false,
  enableHtml: true,
  closeButton: true,
  progressBar: true
});
```

All these options can be configured globally like so:

```js
// root app NgModule
imports: [
  ToastrModule.forRoot({
    timeOut: 10000,
    positionClass: 'toast-bottom-right',
    preventDuplicates: true,
  }),
],
```

These global options will be overriden by the individual toast configurations.

> For finer control, ngx-toaster allows both custom toast components and display in container, used like this:

Reviewer: I'm confused by this example, `YourToastComponent` is never defined (even incompletely). Perhaps split this into 2, one for each feature. Also it's unclear to me what a custom toast component gets you. What does it override, why would I use one?

Author: That could definitely be more clear, the custom toast component overrides the view into a custom view that you create in an Angular Component. I'll add some example code and text to make that clearer.

```js
// root app NgModule
import { ToastrModule, ToastContainerModule } from 'ngx-toastr';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    ToastrModule.forRoot({
      toastComponent: YourToastComponent // added custom toast!
    })
  ],
  entryComponents: [YourToastComponent], // add!
  bootstrap: [App],
  declarations: [App, YourToastComponent] // add!
})
...
// App
@Component({
  template: `
  <h1><a (click)="onClick()">Click</a></h1>
  <div toastContainer></div>`
})
export class AppComponent implements OnInit {
  @ViewChild(ToastContainerDirective) toastContainer: ToastContainerDirective;

  constructor(private toastrService: ToastrService) {}
  ngOnInit() {
    this.toastrService.overlayContainer = this.toastContainer;
  }
  onClick() {
    this.toastrService.success('Custom in a container!');
  }
}
```

### Notable Features and Details

#### Animation
Uses Angular [Web Animations API](https://angular.io/guide/animations) by default.

> #### Captures User Hover

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Reacts to Hover
```

?

> User hover pauses the toast timeout, and removing hover replaces timeout with an optional different timeout.

Reviewer: I'm not sure what "removing hover replaces timeout with an optional different timeout." means. Is it

"after hovering the timeout is unpaused, but the author may specify an optional post-timeout duration"?

Author: Yeah it means something along those lines, I'll replace it with this: 
```suggestion
User hover pauses the toast timeout, and when the mouse leaves the timeout resumes, or optionally begins an author-specified post-hover timeout duration.
```

Author: Hopefully that's cleaner language

> User hover pauses the toast timeout, and removing hover replaces timeout with an optional different timeout.

Reviewer: Out of curiosity, since hover is basically non-existent on mobile, is there a way to pause the timeout on mobile?

Author: That's a good point and I'll make a note of that in the takeaways section. I tested on my phone and I couldn't get it to persist. There's no simple way, I think the closest solution for mobile (with this library) would be override the `onTap` action so the first tap keeps the toast up and the second tap dismisses it, but it's a bit of a hack and not the exact behavior we're looking for.

*TODO: Fill in study for this library*

## [ngx-toastr](https://github.com/scttcper/ngx-toastr)
ngx-toastr is a library from author [@scttcper](https://github.com/scttcper) to create a toast notification built for Angular.

### Design & Sample Code
Before using ngx-toastr, setup is required. First, add the CSS:

> ```js

Reviewer 2: I think this is CSS, not JS. In which case the comments need to be `/* ... */`.

Author: Yeah, just got in the habit of writing js, thanks for catching that

// regular style toast
@import '~ngx-toastr/toastr';

// bootstrap style toast
@import '~ngx-toastr/toastr-bs4-alert';
```

Next, add ToastrModule and BrowserAnimationsModule to app NgModule:

```js
import { BrowserAnimationsModule } from '@angular/platform-browser/animations';
import { ToastrModule } from 'ngx-toastr';

@NgModule({
  imports: [
    CommonModule,
    BrowserAnimationsModule, // required animations module
    ToastrModule.forRoot() // ToastrModule added
  ],
  ...
})
...
```

Once the modules are set up, this code will display a toast:

> ```js

Reviewer 2: ts, not js, I think

Author: Sometimes I forget ts exists . . . fixing that now
